README.md, before:

# KELLER bus/communication protocols and code samples 
The following content can be found on https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/CodeSamplesAndProtocols  

### Software Disclaimer  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/NcL5jy6xdYhGEWiXYbrsvQ/en/latest.pdf

### Bus Protocols & Communication Protocols
Protocol descriptions of the serial BUS interface (commands) and the IoT communication protocol  

- ConverterK114, dv2, LEX, Serie30, 4LD-9LD, DCX, Leo Record, SDI-12, ARC1, ADT1, GSM2-Dataformat  
https://keller-druck.com/en/downloads?categories=Software.Communication-Protocols

### Compiled DLL 
S30c.dll for communication with all KELLER digital products, in particular series 3X and 4X transmitters. This DLL is used in the READ30 program and in a few programming examples.
DCXc.dll for communication with all KELLER digital loggers, in particular the DCX and LEO-Record series.  
These DLLs enable communication via serial interface and can be run in various programming languages under Windows OS.

- S30c.dll / S30c_64bit.dll / DCXc.dll  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/ikMe6m9kh2JgnoQSVFiDgJ/en/latest.zip

### C++ code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER devices, in the programming language C++  

- C++ / Source and compiled DLL  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/2nFE9ZQgSTtb8ibCwL6gq6/en/latest.zip

### LabVIEW code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER devices, in the LabVIEW Development System
- KELLER RS485 Library  
http://sine.ni.com/nips/cds/view/p/lang/de/nid/218469 

### .NET / C# code samples
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language C# (.NET)  
- C#  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/KellerProtocolDemos/tree/master/KellerProtocol  
- WPF  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/KellerProtocolDemos  
- UWP  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/KellerProtocolDemos  
  
### Delphi code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Delphi
- Delphi  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/RJvAp5PLrLWKniahHwDC2P/en/latest.zip

### Visual Basic code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Visual Basic  
- VB  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/JJei2AT5n4d6xtUXsXVm2P/en/latest.zip

### Visual Basic for Applications (eg. Excel) code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Visual Basic for Applications (Microsoft Office)  
- Excel samples using S30c.dll  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/7RkHoYADdzBLNvadP9s5iF/en/latest.zip

### Agilent VEE code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Agilent Visual Engineering Environment (VEE)  
- VEE  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/zL7auM9Ua6eTUW48g8Lv7a/en/latest.zip

### For KOLIBRI Cloud: API daemon example with permanent access token
This example code shows basic access to the KOLIBRI Cloud API using an access token from KELLER to gather measurement data from the KOLIBRI Cloud. The API's specification can be found here: https://api.kolibricloud.ch/swagger/index.html?url=/swagger/v1/swagger.json or
on https://docs.kolibricloud.ch/cloud-interfaces/api/access_details/
- Python  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/Kolibri-Cloud-API-daemon-example-with-access-token
- C#  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/Kolibri-Cloud-API-daemon-example-with-access-token

### Windows Desktop software programs
- Windows Dekstop SW such as KOLIBRI Desktop, GSM-Setup, ControlCenterSeries30 (CCS30), K-114 Config, Conductivity Calibration Tool, Datamanager, Pressure Switch Console and more  
See https://keller-druck.com/en/products/software

Commit message:

Added first Python implementation of KELLER protocol

README.md, after:

# KELLER bus/communication protocols and code samples 
The following content can be found on https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/CodeSamplesAndProtocols  

### Software Disclaimer  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/NcL5jy6xdYhGEWiXYbrsvQ/en/latest.pdf

### Bus Protocols & Communication Protocols
Protocol descriptions of the serial BUS interface (commands) and the IoT communication protocol  

- ConverterK114, dv2, LEX, Serie30, 4LD-9LD, DCX, Leo Record, SDI-12, ARC1, ADT1, GSM2-Dataformat  
https://keller-druck.com/en/downloads?categories=Software.Communication-Protocols

### Compiled DLL 
S30c.dll for communication with all KELLER digital products, in particular series 3X and 4X transmitters. This DLL is used in the READ30 program and in a few programming examples.
DCXc.dll for communication with all KELLER digital loggers, in particular the DCX and LEO-Record series.  
These DLLs enable communication via serial interface and can be run in various programming languages under Windows OS.

- S30c.dll / S30c_64bit.dll / DCXc.dll  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/ikMe6m9kh2JgnoQSVFiDgJ/en/latest.zip

### C++ code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER devices, in the programming language C++  

- C++ / Source and compiled DLL  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/2nFE9ZQgSTtb8ibCwL6gq6/en/latest.zip

### LabVIEW code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER devices, in the LabVIEW Development System
- KELLER RS485 Library  
http://sine.ni.com/nips/cds/view/p/lang/de/nid/218469 

### .NET / C# code samples
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language C# (.NET)  
- C#  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/KellerProtocolDemos/tree/master/KellerProtocol  
- WPF  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/KellerProtocolDemos  
- UWP  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/KellerProtocolDemos  

### Python code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Delphi
- Python  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/keller_protocol_python   
Available also via PyPI: https://pypi.org/project/keller-protocol/  
  
### Delphi code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Delphi
- Delphi  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/RJvAp5PLrLWKniahHwDC2P/en/latest.zip

### Visual Basic code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Visual Basic  
- VB  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/JJei2AT5n4d6xtUXsXVm2P/en/latest.zip

### Visual Basic for Applications (eg. Excel) code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Visual Basic for Applications (Microsoft Office)  
- Excel samples using S30c.dll  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/7RkHoYADdzBLNvadP9s5iF/en/latest.zip

### Agilent VEE code sample
Sample program for the communication with KELLER-devices, in the programming language Agilent Visual Engineering Environment (VEE)  
- VEE  
https://download.keller-druck.com/api/download/zL7auM9Ua6eTUW48g8Lv7a/en/latest.zip

### For KOLIBRI Cloud: API daemon example with permanent access token
This example code shows basic access to the KOLIBRI Cloud API using an access token from KELLER to gather measurement data from the KOLIBRI Cloud. The API's specification can be found here: https://api.kolibricloud.ch/swagger/index.html?url=/swagger/v1/swagger.json or
on https://docs.kolibricloud.ch/cloud-interfaces/api/access_details/
- Python  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/Kolibri-Cloud-API-daemon-example-with-access-token
- C#  
https://github.com/KELLERAGfuerDruckmesstechnik/Kolibri-Cloud-API-daemon-example-with-access-token

### Windows Desktop software programs
- Windows Dekstop SW such as KOLIBRI Desktop, GSM-Setup, ControlCenterSeries30 (CCS30), K-114 Config, Conductivity Calibration Tool, Datamanager, Pressure Switch Console and more  
See https://keller-druck.com/en/products/software
